Add a terminology section to mapping guide (#548)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/space-station-14/mapping/guides/general-guide.md

## Without Development Environment
If you choose not to do this, you will need to download a [recent server build](https://central.spacestation14.io/builds/wizards/builds.html).

# Terminology

- **Entity** - An in-game object. Entities are game items like vending machines or chairs.

> - **[Grid](../../../robust-toolbox/transform/grids.md)** - Composed of linked tiles, a grids is a structure such as a station, shuttle or asteroid. Grids are placed on maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Grid](../../../robust-toolbox/transform/grids.md)** - Composed of linked tiles, a grid is a structure such as a station, shuttle, or asteroid. Grids are placed on maps.
```

- **Map** - Map, in this context, refers to an in-game region of empty space. Travel between maps requires an FTL jump. Each map that exists within the current game has a unique ID. Think of a map as a canvas to place a grid or grids on. A map is ***not*** the same as a mapfile.

> - **MapFile** - The representation of a map on disk. These YAML files contain all of the entities on a map and their locations. These files should never be edited directly. This is the map prototype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MapFile** - The representation of a map on disk. These YAML files contain all the entities on a map and their locations. These files should never be edited directly. This is the map prototype.
```

- **Prototype** - Two types of prototype are important to specify for maps. 

>   - The prototype of a map is a structure in `Resources/Maps` that defines by which it is called. This is the MapFile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The prototype of a map is a structure in `Resources/Maps` that defines how it is called. This is the MapFile. 
```

“-that defines by which it is called” doesn't sound right.

  - There is also a gamemap prototype in `Resources/Prototypes/Maps` that defines gameplay related station parameters like job slots and custom cargo shuttles.

> - **Shuttle** - Free flying grids such as escape pods and the cargo shuttle. These are spawned automatically near or docked to the station at roundstart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Shuttle** - Free-flying grids such as escape pods and the cargo shuttle. These are spawned automatically near or docked to the station at the round start.
```

- **Station** - A grid can be promoted to a station using the BecomeStationComponent.

> - **Tile** - The building block of any grid. Tiles could be lattice, floors or asteroid rock. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tile** - The building block of any grid. Tiles could be lattice, floors, or asteroid rock. 
```

A preset collection of mapping actions can be loaded to the toolbar by using the `mappingclientsidesetup` command. Note that as actions are unique to the currently controlled entity, if you use ghost or possession commands you will lose these actions and will have to re-run the command.

## Multi-Grid and Multi-Station Maps

> A station and a grid are not the same thing. For example, each asteroid is not its own station, while a station may consist of multiple grids (e.g. escape shuttles). Most maps only have one grid, though you do still have to set up stations regardless. However, since you can use savemap and loadmap to save/load maps with multiple grids, there is support for overriding this behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A station and a grid are not the same thing. For example, each asteroid is not its own station, while a station may consist of multiple grids (e.g., escape shuttles). Most maps only have one grid, though you still have to set up stations. However, since you can use savemap and loadmap to save/load maps with multiple grids, there is support for overriding this behaviour.
```
